Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's said
that mother is the name for God
on the lips and hearts of all children.
She can be glorious or terrible.
benevolent or filled with wrath.
She'll fight away the monsters
with the fangs of a wolf
and the teeth of a dragon.
And love with a ferocity
that can never be matched.
Her job is to protect.
No matter the cost.
And if anyone
were to ever harm her family.
there's no telling
what she'd be capable of.
Sounds really nasty out there.
Yeah. I think we're in for a rough one.
How are you getting on with that?
Can't rush a masterpiece.
No.
He's gonna love it.
Hands off.
Best one you've ever done.
That's so beautiful. darling.
I love it.
Let's go. Picasso.
Is he awake?
Happy birthday. Pa.
Happy birthday.
-Can I open it?
-Yes. go on.
Look what mama made for you.
It's beautiful.
Picture time.
Big grin!
How about I let you stay up
a little later?
We'll cozy up and listen to the storm.
It'll be fun.
Yes. Mama. Thank you.
Here we go.
First the medicine. then the cake.
Here we are.
It goes by so fast.
Hello! Anybody? Anybody. help!
Please open the door!
Please! Please. help me! We need help!
Who's there?
Hello?
My brother. he's really hurt.
-He's hurt. please!
-What are you doing out here?
We got lost. and we came off the road.
and there was an accident.
My brother is bleeding really badly.
-We have to help them. Mama.
-Maisy. get back. please.
I can't help you. There's no phone here.
Please. Please. don't let him die.
Don't let him die! Don't let him die!
Please. please. Don't let him...
Help us. please.
He's bleeding so badly. Please.
Please. don't let him die.
Don't let him die. Don't let him...
Please. just don't let him...
Where is he hurt?
I don't know. I think his head maybe.
But there's blood everywhere. I just...
Just stop. Stop it.
Is he gonna be okay?
Can you do anything?
Well. there's a deep cut to his head.
His ribs may be broken.
There might be
some internal bleeding.
If I pull this straight out. it'll cause
more damage than when it went in.
He needs to go to a hospital.
-The closest one is 100 miles away.
-No. no.
-And you won't get there like this.
-No. I'm not going back!
I'm not going back there.
What can you do?
I need to stitch him up
or he'll bleed to death.
Now. everything's gonna be all right.
But I need you to give me
some space now.
So back up. back up.
All right.
Right. Right.
Just...
You hold it tight.
-You okay. baby?
-Yeah. fine.
God. God...
When I pull it out on three.
you have to apply extra pressure.
-Ready?
-Yeah.
One... two... three.
-You okay. baby?
-Yeah.
All right.
What's your name. darling?
Matty. My name's Matty.
Well. I'm Rose.
And this is my daughter. Maisy.
-Hello.
-Hi.
Maisy. why don't you get Matty
a towel and some of Pa's clothes?
Yes. Mama.
He's gonna be all right.
He just needs to have some rest now.
Hey.
Trust me.
Go on.
No...
I don't fear the fire.
because I am the fire.
Come and sit down. darling.
Maisy's made some stew.
and I've made some coffee.
Do you drink coffee?
Yeah.
Thanks for helping.
I thought...
It's all right. Really. You're safe now.
Can you tell me what happened to you?
It was dark. There was lots of rain.
I couldn't see anything.
You came off the road. Where?
A long way back.
I kept walking. But there was nothing.
it was just fields.
Lots of mud.
Go ahead. Eat.
Hungry?
Yeah. I am. Yeah.
But where are you from? You talk funny.
Maisy. the coffee.
Where are you headed?
Me and Jack's friend.
We're going on a boat. Fast one.
A boat?
So. where is that?
I don't know.
Don't know where you're going?
I can't remember.
That's all right.
How about where are you coming from?
London.
Maisy. let's clear the plates.
Now. it's bedtime.
-But... Mama...
-Mama? What?
Yes. Mama.
Where are you going on the boat?
-We're going fishing. Right. buddy?
-Jack!
How are you feeling?
Like I've been in a car wreck.
Come. sit. Sit down.
Water?
Yeah. thank you.
Have you got anything stronger?
I have to thank you
for sorting this out?
She popped you straight free
like a kebab.
Well. I tried to clean you up
as best I could.
But you'll need
someone to take a proper look.
But the best that I can offer you
is Tramadol.
This is neat work.
Not my first time
with a needle and thread.
Yeah. I can see that.
Well. thanks all the same.
It's him you should be thanking.
Hey.
You've done real good. bud.
-Is it just the three of you?
-That's right.
We've got people waiting on us.
They need to know we're okay
and come pick us up.
No. no.
You won't get any reception here.
Not until that storm passes.
They don't have a phone either.
No phone. no TV. no computer.
It's a working farm.
We don't have any use for it.
No. Mama. I was just saying.
We're self-sufficient.
We sell or trade what we don't use
for what we need at the market.
It's a choice.
But it works for us. doesn't it. Maisy?
Yes. Mama.
There is an old hardline phone box
on the road to the village.
It may still be working.
I could take you there in the morning.
I appreciate that.
but we need to make that call tonight.
There's nothing I can do.
Do you think Mac will come for us?
I guess we'll see. won't we?
You could take Pa's room for the night.
be on your way in the morning.
That's very kind.
If you want to get cleaned up.
-we can show you the bathroom.
-I know where it is.
Come on then.
This way.
Did you tidy up?
Come on.
Fuck.
Jack. are you okay?
Where's the other bag. mate?
What?
This is the only bag we have.
Tell me.
We have to steal the bag.
You're hurting me.
Stop it. Don't make a fucking scene.
You can't do this to me right now. bud.
Please.
I don't feel the fire.
Because I am the fire.
That's right.
You burn and I burn.
If we don't have the bag. we're fucked.
Nothing else worth it matters.
I must have taken the wrong one.
-Get off me. Get...
-It's okay. It's okay.
Is it still in the car?
Are you sure?
I think so.
It is. yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Now.
what else did you tell these people?
You gave them our names.
What else do they know?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Yeah. I swear.
All right.
Come here.
What the fuck do we do now?
We need to get back to that car.
I know what's best for you. right?
Yeah.
You won't like
what you've made me do now.
You haven't given me a choice.
Why would you come here
if you were headed to the coast?
You wouldn't. baby.
Unless you were lost. I guess.
Or didn't want to be found.
No!
What are you doing?
-No! No!
-Stop!
-Stop it! Stop it!
-What's going on?
All of Matty's stuff. his notebooks.
they're still in the car.
-I have a notebook he can have.
-Dad gave me that notebook.
Will he be okay?
Well. this ain't gonna stop
until he gets his stuff back. okay?
So you can either help me do that.
or you can watch this happen.
I can't give you my truck.
And the roads are too dangerous.
I'm sorry.
Great! Nice one. mate!
No!
We have money.
We don't need your money.
And you can't buy my help.
Matty. darling.
Now. come here. sweetheart.
Listen...
Now.
I understand that you're frustrated.
Your things are special to you.
I just want him
to give them to me. please.
Just give me...
And I want to help you to get them back.
But can you help me
by doing a few deep breaths?
Come on.
We need to be quick.
My husband is
on a strict schedule of medication.
and I don't want that to be disrupted.
Shall we go and get your face washed up?
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
That's my brother. Ollie.
He died
the same time Pa had his accident.
I was too young to remember him.
You think that's bad?
No.
Sometimes. it's better that way.
It's going to be all right.
Please. you promised.
Hold my satchel. yeah?
You're not gonna leave me again.
I never...
Close your eyes. Go to sleep.
This is good people.
What was she like?
-Bud. we don't have time for this.
-No. please. please. It helps me sleep.
She was pretty.
And soft-skinned.
She made a funny face
when she was thinking. like you do.
I see a lot of her in you.
And she loved us.
Sure.
Hold up. What are you doing?
If he's staying here.
he's staying in there.
I'm not leaving my daughter alone
with a man I don't know.
He's calmed down. There's no problem.
He seems like a nice boy.
but if you want my help.
this is non-negotiable.
Well. he's not a dog. is he?
Okay.
Now. I'm trusting you
to be in charge when I'm gone.
And if I'm not back by 10 pm.
you give Pa his medication.
-Yes. Mama.
-Okay.
Now. unless the house is falling down.
his room stays locked. I mean it.
-I love you.
-I love you. too.
What's someone like you here
playing shepherdess.
Excuse me?
You're a nurse. right?
I figured you didn't learn
how to do this on a farm.
Anaesthetist actually.
The way you were with Matty...
I've seen that before.
The fucking odds on that. though.
And I get
skewered in the ass out of nowhere.
Somehow.
Matty finds a doctor's front door.
It was a long time ago.
Another life.
That must be tough.
You're running a farm.
Living off the land. raising a kid.
-all on your own.
-I'm not on my own.
See. now. I didn't mean it like that.
-I wasn't trying to say...
-No. it's fine.
And it's not tough
when you know what matters.
So you're an idealist.
I just know loss.
You lost your boy.
They called it "no-fault accident."
That's bullshit.
It's always someone's fault. isn't it?
He wasn't an easy boy.
but he was my blessing.
And you?
Anyone else?
No one else. It's just...
It's just us.
Matty?
Yeah?
Are you okay?
Did he tell you to check up on me?
-Well. no. no. I...
-I'm not stupid.
No. I know.
I just wanted to talk to you.
Do you want to talk to me?
About what?
I don't know.
I've never really talked
to anyone before. Except Mama.
She's the only person I know.
Well. you're lucky.
I don't remember my mom.
She got sick after I was born.
It's okay. Don't worry about that.
I can't believe
you walked away from this.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
All right. I'm going in. Wait here.
No. no! I'm good. I'm good. Come on.
So how about you? Where do you live?
Is it a big apartment block or a house?
I don't know.
I never lived anywhere properly.
Jack says
all we have is what we're going after.
If that's true.
then you never really have anything.
I don't know.
I wish you hadn't seen that.
Seen what?
I wanted this to go smooth.
It still can. Or it can go another way.
-I don't understand.
-You're in this now. okay?
Whatever you think that I saw. I didn't.
-Yeah? Are you done?
-I don't know you...
You'll take me
to that phone box right now.
Fuck!
He wanted me to stay
in this institution. but I hated it.
That's why we left.
He said that when we get to Norway.
then we'll stop moving.
Plant some roots.
I want somewhere like this.
What else is up there?
Mama's room. mine too.
Can I see it?
What's through here?
That's Mama's workshop.
No one's allowed up there.
The place would be like Fort Knox.
Mama doesn't like to keep an open house.
Mama doesn't know everything. Come on.
I'll show you something. You'll like it.
Okay.
You're scared. I understand.
I'm not scared.
I have done
some horrible fucking things.
Things that you can't imagine.
You don't know my life.
Come on.
I like to imagine the voices and songs
but just for me.
Is that weird?
-No.
-You won't tell Mama. right?
No.
Look.
Norway.
You visited all these places?
No.
No. I wish.
They're just places I like the names of.
Who is this
and how did you get this number?
It's JB.
You some kind of fucking idiot?
Entire country up your ass
and you call me from a box?
I know. but there's been an accident.
-Put Junior on the phone.
-I can't.
Look. Michael's fine. okay?
He's with Matty.
But the car's fucked.
We're staying at a farm
until the storm passes.
We just need more time.
There is no more time.
I've got the money.
Tell me where you are.
We'll come for you.
No. no. It's fine.
I'm not asking. son.
And. Jack. my price just doubled.
You want me to help your brother.
that is what it costs. Are we clear?
Crystal.
Now. where's this farm?
Is this for me?
There is a man
on his way to your farm right now.
Whatever I could do to you.
to your Maisy.
is nothing compared to what he will do
when he finds out that his son is dead.
If he touches my family. I'll kill you.
The only thing that will stand
between him and your family will be me.
And that bag of money.
Don't forget that.
Let's fucking go.
Forest of Knives. Madagascar.
What do you think it's like?
Well. I don't know. It sounds dangerous.
You sound like Mama.
Maybe you could come
and visit us in Norway.
-Maybe.
-Yeah?
Mama likes me to be here
where it's safe.
I feel safe here.
Good.
I like that you're here. too.
...with an armed raid
in East London last Friday.
Police believe Michael McCalister Jr..
along with brothers Jack
and Matthew Byrne. maybe headed north.
In the last few hours.
police have confirmed that Matthew Byrne
is also wanted in relation to the death
of the mental health nurse Karen Carr.
whose body was found
on Thursday evening.
-I'll turn it off. it'll be fine.
-They may be armed...
Let's pretend we didn't hear it.
-They were talking about you?
-No. no.
We just turn it off.
and it will be all right.
-You're scaring me.
-I'm not lying. I'm not.
No. I'm not. I didn't do anything.
I just need to...
It wasn't me. It was a mistake.
It was an accident.
I wasn't supposed to be there.
He left me there.
-and he thinks...
-Don't touch me.
He said it was for the best.
but it wasn't. He wouldn't listen.
-I listen to you.
-Okay. Well. then...
You know. it was not my fault.
I need you to believe me. Okay?
-Okay.
-I did. but I didn't anything wrong.
I never heard it. okay?
We need to go back downstairs.
Mama's gonna be back soon.
If she finds out I let you out.
we'll be in a lot of trouble.
Okay?
Now you think I'm bad.
No.
I don't. Promise.
Open up that door.
Now!
I need to give Pa his medication.
Not till we get some ground rules set.
Matty. get out.
-What's going on?
-It's gonna be all right. I promise.
Listen to your mom. Move your ass.
We're back on track.
Mac's on his way. Let's go. Sit down!
-No.
-No. no. you! You. over there.
She stays with me.
that's the end of it.
-No. this is the fucking end of it!
-Jack. please.
Shut the fuck up. Matty! Go. Sit. now.
We play it out tonight.
Happy families. yeah?
You don't do nothing.
you'll be all right.
And tomorrow. we are gone.
You have my word.
-Otherwise. I can finish it now.
-We'll do whatever you want.
Damn right.
You're bleeding. Jack.
I need his medication. Please.
Go with her.
You've got 60 seconds.
or there won't be any medication
that will put him back together.
Go.
What's it do?
It manages the pain.
It's not right. the way he talks to you.
No. he was right.
I shouldn't have said nothing.
No. no. He's not right.
I know what it's like to be beaten down.
You deserve better.
Hey. hey! What the fuck?
-Maisy?
-There's a headlight.
-It could be Mac.
-No. it's too soon.
-What did you do?
-Don't touch her!
-No! She didn't do anything!
-Who the fuck is this clown? Move.
-Go. go.
-No.
You've got to be shitting me.
It's a fucking cop. Come here.
No. please don't do that.
If you do. there'll be more.
-I'll fix it.
-You better.
Hey. take the kid into the back room.
Keep her quiet. No more fuck-ups.
-You shouldn't talk to me like that.
-What did you say?
-Nothing.
-You fucking dare?
Not now.
Hey. you.
Get rid of this fucking bumpkin.
Hello?
-Good evening. ma'am.
-Good evening.
Excuse the late hour.
You mind if I come inside and explain?
Yes. sure.
What in the God's name
has you out at this hour?
Man hunt. Nationwide.
Armed robbery.
murder suspect. too. one of them.
It's all over the news.
Forgive me.
News doesn't travel fast here.
-May I?
-Of course.
Sorry about your radio.
I'll get you a new one. A better one.
A digital one.
Did you really hurt someone?
I never hurt him.
Right. Sorry.
It wasn't my fault.
You do know that. don't you?
It's just an accident. right?
Yeah.
You think they came this way?
Unlikely. Word is they headed north.
Someone had to check.
I drew the short straw.
Well. as you can see. no robbers here.
Just the two of you
running all this land?
That's right.
That's quite the load.
I'm heartier than I look.
Guest?
No.
We lost a child.
It must seem sentimental.
but on special occasions. it helps.
I would hate to impose.
but it's so grim out there.
Any chance of some coffee
before I head out?
It's the shutter.
I'll get the coffee.
Do you think you'll be out all night?
Looks that way.
At least till I hear otherwise.
Not much this far out.
But a couple more places
still to drop by.
-What's that?
-It's a spasm.
Involuntary. He needs his medication.
Is he okay?
Yes. he's fine. Fine.
I just need to sit him now.
Are you sure everything's okay. ma'am?
Jesus. yes. absolutely.
It's just it's getting late.
and I appreciate you coming
and checking in on us.
but my husband really needs me.
If you won't mind with the...
Of course.
Well. just stay safe out there.
and I hope you find them.
Just before I go. your child.
what was the name?
Ollie.
His name was Ollie.
Then who's this?
I couldn't place her right away.
It's been so long.
-It's her. though. isn't it?
-I'm sorry. I don't...
It's all anybody talked about
that summer.
She just disappeared. The family. too.
Her mother's name was Bella.
But that's not you. though.
-I don't...
-Is it. ma'am?
Help.
Ma'am?
Fucker!
Jesus Christ.
It is you.
Mama. what did you do?
What the fuck?
Run.
Pa just spoke. He just spoke.
-No. baby.
-No. I heard him.
No. you didn't. He was just convulsing.
Look what you made me do.
Why did you do that. Mama?
It's not right.
I did it for you. baby.
Everything I do is for you.
You killed him.
No. He was confused.
and he'd have brought trouble with him.
He'd have tried
to take you away from me.
And I will never let that happen. Ever.
You just trust me.
You do what I tell you.
-Baby. can you help me. please?
-Mama. I can't.
You want them
to take you away from me?
Is that what you want?
Someday.
you'll have a family of your own.
and you'll understand.
How can I ever have a family of my own?
You keep me here to yourself.
Yes. I'm trying to protect our family!
No one ever protected me.
I couldn't protect them.
Just help me. And then it's done.
Go. Follow me.
Hey. buddy.
Matty.
Matty!
Hey!
Let us fucking go!
Cover your ears. baby.
What are you doing. Mama?
We have to make it look
as if he found them here.
Keep people away from us.
Wait. no. Where is his phone?
Have you seen it?
They can trace it.
Fuck.
-Maisy. have you?
-No. no. I haven't seen it. Mama.
It doesn't make sense.
Why'd anyone take you away from me?
Because people are cruel.
That's why I've had to shield you
from them.
Why are you scared of them?
-The police are good.
-No one is good.
Baby. I'm sorry.
But do you remember
the first time that I held you?
You were so weak and frightened.
But now. I've made you strong.
And now. you have to be strong for me.
No more questions. okay?
God.
Mama. Mama. look.
There.
Come here with Mama.
Clever girl. You're so pretty.
Look at you.
Jack. Jack!
-Jack! Jack!
-Yeah. yeah. It's okay.
I'm right here. Stop that.
-I can't move.
-I know.
-Stop pulling.
-May arm's stuck. I can't...
-Please. get it off me.
-I can't breathe.
-Stop fucking pulling.
-Stop. Calm down.
-I can't breathe.
-Yes. you can.
Stop. Stop. Stop acting like
a fucking baby. all right?
-It's fine.
-Get off me.
It's okay.
Hey. come on. I don't feel the fire.
Come on.
Hey. hey.
Hey. I don't feel the fire.
Come on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. mate.
-Yeah.
-I'm sorry.
Where are we?
We're in a lot of trouble.
You should call the police.
It's that woman.
She spread that cop all over the floor
with a 12-gauge.
Why did she do that?
Because she's hiding something.
A fucking whopper.
But we need to get out of here.
Okay? I need your help.
Okay. mate?
Okay. Need to get this off the wall?
Okay? Can you pull with me?
Come on. mate.
Fuck!
Jack. it's okay.
We're chained to a fucking wall
in a basement by a nut.
I've got you.
Unless you've got any bright ideas.
we're pretty fucked.
I'm not as dumb as you think.
Get in. Matty.
All right.
We might be in business.
Thank you. baby.
You okay?
Do you remember
when I was very little. before the farm?
There was a red brick house.
You remember that.
What else do you remember?
My nightlight.
A blue hippo with your necklace
that sparkled against it.
I was so scared of the dark.
You'd lay there and hum this song to me.
Always made it better.
Then one day. you stopped.
Maybe you didn't need it anymore.
Sometimes I try to hum it to myself.
but I can't remember.
I'm scared now. Mama.
Don't be. baby.
We just need to be ready.
whoever shows up looking for those boys.
Okay. okay.
Okay. I'm gonna pull it.
Ready? One. two. three.
Okay.
All right. All right. hold it tight.
Ready?
Come on. use your shoulder.
Fuck!
Look for another way out.
That's it.
Her car's gone.
Let's just go.
We can't leave yet.
Please. I don't wanna hurt anyone else.
Nice. What do you think
she had planned for us?
She was protecting Maisy.
From who? The police?
Use your fucking head.
She won't let us go.
Please.
Where do you wanna go?
Well...
She said there's a town nearby.
Maybe we could boost a car...
The only way out of here
is through Mac.
And we need the money.
We're starting again with nothing.
I can't do that.
Hey. hey. That's our in.
Yeah? Get yourself to that sheep barn.
Wait for me there.
Why can't I come with you?
Because I need your eyes out here.
No. please. I don't wanna be alone.
I don't have time
for your shit right now. okay?
-Get in the fucking barn.
-No!
Why do you hate me?
-How do you say that to me?
-Because it's true.
All of your life. it's been just me.
We were put in that home when mom died.
I got us out.
-I kept us safe.
-Why'd you put me in Norton View?
-For your sake.
-You wanted to get rid of me.
Now that woman is dead.
and you put that on me.
I never meant to hurt her.
-What about Michael?
-He was laughing at me.
because I read the map wrong.
And he was always laughing at me!
We needed him. Matty.
Him and his old man's connections.
and you...
It's not my fault! It's not my fault.
It's all your fucking fault!
You don't see it
because I follow you around
cleaning up your shit out of guilt.
Like I failed you somehow.
and that's why you're ill.
But that is not what it is. Matty.
You're just a nasty fuck-up.
Right down to your core.
It's who you've been from the start.
I wish you'd died and not mom.
Do you wanna know the truth?
She didn't die.
She left.
Because she couldn't deal with you.
-You're lying.
-No.
All you did was fucking cry and whinge.
And she couldn't do it.
Doctors said there was nothing
wrong with you. It was just colic.
But you wouldn't fucking stop.
She couldn't do it.
-She left.
-No. you're lying.
She died. You told me she died.
No.
I used to think that before you came.
she was perfect.
She wasn't.
She was always a selfish piece of shit.
But she was mine.
I was meant to be something proper.
But everything good in me.
I had to give it to you.
I can't do that anymore.
After this day. mate.
you are on your own.
Well. nothing you ever do
is really for me.
It's always for you.
You never ask what I want.
You think you'd be
so much better without me?
You'll always be nothing.
It wasn't just me she left.
She didn't want you either.
Yeah.
Get in the barn. mate.
What if we just took the money and left
before anyone gets here?
We're not running. baby.
This is our home.
Hey.
Hey. turn around.
Slowly.
Get up now! I'm not fucking about!
You were driving the other car.
Hey. hey.
Where is she?
She's gone.
Where is Jenny?
She's...
She's gone. too.
Police.
Call... Call the police.
I can't do that.
Help us.
You'll help me prepare the boys
and then you'll wait with Pa.
-But...
-No. Listen to me.
I want you out of sight
till this is done.
-No more risks.
-What if I...
Don't make me tell you again.
Wait here.
What about Pa?
Fuck off!
Maybe I can lower you down.
It's not that far. You just hold me.
No.
Stop. Okay. stop.
We need to go before she gets back.
No. No.
She...
She hums all night.
She remembers.
No. Jenny remembers me. all right?
Why don't help me...?
I'm trying. okay?
No.
-Help me.
-It's okay.
No. I don't wanna do that. Please.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just help me. Help me sleep.
How many times? Please.
Please.
I'm not me anymore.
Help me.
Help me sleep. please.
I don't want to live like this.
Just kill me.
It's all right. It's all right.
You said
it doesn't have to be like this. Jack.
Well. it still doesn't.
Can you hear me?
We have to think of Matty.
We need to talk.
Matt?
What?
He left me here.
He said that no one wants me.
And...
He said that mom didn't want me.
She didn't deserve you.
Mine didn't deserve me either.
She did terrible things.
Terrible.
You remind me of my Ollie.
Maybe we belong together.
I don't feel fine.
No.
I'm gonna look after you.
Come to Mama.
Jeez.
Fuck!
Slow down.
What the fuck? Is she in here?
Where?
Crap! Listen to me! Listen to me!
Listen. Listen.
I'm not the one.
Okay? She's lying to you.
All of it is a lie.
Fuck.
Move!
Get in there. Get in there. Move.
Not a fucking sound.
Okay. okay.
-I can scream for her.
-Yeah. you could.
Then you'll never know the truth.
will you? Watch yourself.
Pa. You okay?
You said she's lying. What do you mean?
Your name's not Maisy. It's Jenny.
This isn't your home.
She isn't your mom.
The accident that killed Ollie
killed her husband. too.
and her baby. Maisy.
What are you talking about?
Your mom was driving the other car.
Your real one.
Look. she took you and your dad
to replace her family as payback.
As punishment. I know. she's mental.
-You're lying.
-Why?
-Why would I?
-Because you're a killer.
You saw somebody get killed tonight.
It wasn't me holding the gun.
Think about it.
Here. look.
I remember this. I remember her face.
What happened to her?
Do you know where she is?
I don't know.
How the fuck is this glued shut?
Come on. help me.
You won't get out of these shutters.
Okay. fuck it.
We'll go out through the front.
Hey. Soul search later.
Call the police. I don't give a fuck.
But right now. we gotta go.
What about Mama?
-Fuck her.
-I can't just leave.
Well. then don't. Stay here.
But you won't get the chance
to leave again.
-Where will I go?
-You figure that out on the way.
Just get your old boy into the truck.
I'll get Matty.
We'll call Mac from the road.
I'm not missing that boat.
Why are you helping us?
It's not about you.
What's it gonna be?
Come on.
Put him in the car.
Matty.
Fuck.
Where is he?
I don't know.
Please. please. can we just go now?
Please.
Fuck!
Just...
Just stay here.
Okay.
Matty.
What the fuck are you doing up?
She wants me to stay.
What?
Where is my daughter?
-What did you do to her?
-You said you wouldn't hurt him!
-Matty!
-You know when your friends arrive.
someone has to be accountable
for the dead body in the car.
You think he won't give you away?
No. he'd never do that.
You said yourself
he doesn't care about you.
-You can't hurt...
-Shut up. you fucking nutter!
Matty. what are you doing?
Jack. please. no.
You don't have to look after me anymore.
Mama's gonna look after me.
And all you have to do
is just give back Maisy. please.
I know what you've done.
I've seen upstairs.
What?
She owed me. She owed me a debt.
The kid knows. too. She's gone.
-What did you tell her?
-Everything.
Ask her what she's done.
She's insane.
No. She took my family. I took hers!
Maybe there could be
a place for you. too.
You could stop running. Jack.
They say
that you can't choose your family.
But you can.
She's right about choosing family.
If you burn. I burn.
No. Jack. please! Stop!
No. Please. Jack. no. please.
-What are you doing?
-Can't we stay?
-Fuck off! What are you doing?
-Please!
I don't want anything. Let her go. Jack!
Stop! We can stay here.
-Shut the fuck up! Stay there!
-Please!
-Please. Jack! I don't want to!
-Shut up!
No. Jack! Stop!
No!
Are you okay. Mama?
Get up. Come on.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Stop! I'm warning you. Jack!
Maisy?
Are you okay?
Are you all right?
Listen to me. baby.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Will you come out?
I promise you.
-I'm not angry.
-Is it true?
You're not my real mama?
Of course I am.
I'm the one that raised you.
I'm the one that cared for you.
I'm your mama. and you're mine!
No. Mama.
No. you're not!
Mac. Mac's here. Mac's here! Jack!
Do you hear that?
-It's over!
-No. you owe me a debt!
Get yourself out here. lads!
Good luck.
-No. Mama. wait! Wait!
-What? No!
Who the fuck is that?
It's a long story.
How many in there?
It's just her.
Are you fucking with me?
One woman?
Where's my money. Jack?
She's got it.
And my son?
She took him. too.
Did she?
All right. let's go.
Come on. son. Come on. son. That's it.
What was your plan?
Get fucking back.
Now...
I found your car on the way in.
Up. up.
Are you really that fucking stupid?
You think I wouldn't have noticed
Junior's not fucking here?
Where is Matty?
Please.
-Please.
Matty!
No. Matty!
Please. Mac. don't hurt him!
God.
Hurt him?
No.
I'm gonna cut him open
and splash around him what comes out.
Matty!
Come out now.
That's the boy.
It wasn't Jack.
I killed Michael.
If you're gonna hurt someone.
it should be me.
Matty. stay here.
This isn't on you.
My money buys your life.
But these two pieces of shit.
they're already in the fucking ground.
I don't want your money. Take it.
You want him? You can take him. too.
But you're not touching this boy.
Is that right?
You know what he's done?
Are you ready to die for that?
It won't be me that dies today.
That sounds dangerously like a threat...
You fucking...
Fuck!
You crazy. fucking bitch...!
God!
You okay?
Doctors say your father's coming around.
He's asked for you.
Do you wanna see him?
We'll catch her.
Don't worry.
She can be glorious.
benevolent
or filled with wrath.
Her job is to protect.
No matter the cost.
And if anyone
were to ever harm her family.
there's no telling
what she'd be capable of.